Question 3: How many types of relationships exist among tables in the Database? Explain with some examples, 
and also mention how to establish these relationships among tables with examples.

Answer3:- 
		It is very much important to have a relationship between the tables in the Database to avoid the data-
		redundancy and also to have a communication between the tables. The relational database collects different types
		of data sets that use the tables,records and columns. There is a need of well defined relationship between database
		tables so that the relational databases can be easily stored. 
		
		
		There are three types of relationships that exist among the tables in the database.
		
	1.  One to One Relationship.
	2.  one to Many Relationship.
	3.  Many to many Relationship.
	
		
		1. One to One Relationship:-- 
		   It is used to create a relationship between two tables in which a single row of the first table can only be 
		   related to one and only one records of the second table. Similarly the record of second table can also be
		   related to any one row of the first table. 
		   
		   example:
			create table Person 
		(
			pid int primary key,
			pname varchar(12),
			address varchar(12),
			mobile varchar(12),
			email varchar(12)
		);
		
		
		create table DL
		(
		dlid int primary key,
		issuedate date,
		expdate date,
		rto varchar(12),
		personid int unique,
		foreign key( personid) refrences Person(pid)	
		);
			
		   
		2. One to Many Relationship:-- 
		   It is used to create a relationship between two tables in which a single row of the first table can  be 
		   related to one or more records of the second table. But records of second table can only relate to the only
		   row in the first table.   
		   
		   example: 
		   	
		   	Dept(did, dname, location);
		   	Emp(eid, ename, address, salary, foreign key(deptid) refrences deptid(did);
		   	
		   
		3. Many to Many Relationship:-- 
		   It is used to create a relationship between two tables in which each record of the first table can be 
		   related to any records of the second table. Similarly the each record of second table can also be
		   related to any record of the first table. It is also Known as N:N relationship. Whenever we have a many to many 
		   relationship, we need to take the help of 3rd linking table. 
		   
		   example:  
		   	     
		   	     
		  create table Student
		(
		roll int primary key,
		sname varchar(12),
		address varchar(12),
		mobile varchar(12),
		);
		
		
		create table course
		(
		cid int primary key,
		fee int,
		duration varchar(12),	
		);
		
		
		create table student_course
		(
		roll int,
		cid int,
		foreign key (roll) refrences student(roll),
		foreign key (cid) refrences course(cid),	
		);